Welcome back.
Let's start to actually write a test for the Google search function.
The first thing we want to do is obviously have access to this Google search function but in our test
file and that's simple.
This is simply just JavaScript.
We can just export this function and import it in here.
Now because this is node and we're now running in the browser or using Babel or wetback we don't have
the import and export statements yet node is working on that.
But for now they're still using common J yes which as you might know has the syntax module that exports
equals.
And we'll just do the Google search we're going to export this.
And then finally we can import this at the very top of this test by saying cost Google Search equals
require from the script for
let's say that and just to test the largest console door log this and do google search safe run NPM.
Test.
All right.
So we have our console log of Google search that's on script Dodge.
Yes.
But also in the test we see that we're logging out.
Function Google search which is great.
I'm going to comment to sell for now because we know it's working we don't want a console log.
But you might have also noticed that it's kind of annoying running NPM test over and over and over.
And luckily for us with just we can do a nice easy command dash dash watch and then we give it what
to watch for in our case.
All JavaScript files.
So anytime we make changes to any JavaScript files just is going to watch out for those and have the
test running constantly.
Let's see what I mean.
I'm going to save this and run NPM test and if you're wondering why your run NPM test and not NPM run
test that's just the default of NPM if you do NPM start or NPM test you can't run those two commands
without the run word.
But if you do anything that you created yourself like NPM bake a cake you have to do NPM run bake a
cake.
All right.
So now it's running.
If I change anything in here too let's just have save it.
You see that it's now changing if I change this.
It's constantly updating with a new test but nothing is happening in here yet.
So let's write an actual test that we can use now that we have the Google search function.
We want to test it.
We want to say Google search.
Give us some sort of a dummy input let's say test test and somehow say whatever this returns should
match whatever.
And remember that's an assertion library you want.
We want to make an assertion and you may notice one issue here.
What about the database.
Well we'll have to export this database as well.
Right.
And we totally can.
We could do Google database and added to the module exports.
But is that realistic.
You see in real life you're not going to just export the database and imported into a test and have
the test actually go through the database.
That's really expensive really slow and a huge headache.
Ideally you want a market you want to pretend that we have of database in here so that it makes tests
run faster.
Let me show you how we can do that.
We can just say D.B. mock a database mock and this mock will have some dummy database which isn't actually
our real database just something that we can test on.
So let's say this one has dog dot.com it has cheese puff dot com
it has let's say Disney icon and it has dog pictures dot com so completely different from our real database.
All right so we have this now.
But the problem is well Google search up until this point was using the Google database and if we run
this function and script that test.
Yes.
Well we don't have access to that database.
We'd have to manually change the function and make sure that it filters through the DB mark in a good
way of solving this issue and the way you want to write your functions is again you want them to be
pure and you also want to add things to them like a database through something called dependency injection.
That is in order for us to make this reusable and use it in other parts of our code base have the database
injected into google search so that anybody using it can like I am and the test can inject this DB mark
instead of the real database and that's really easy to do.
All we need to do is pass it a parameter of let's say D.B. and I'm going to change this into DB.
And now this Google search is more extensible.
We can add whatever database we want to filter now all we need to do is in our what we call the function
is to add a single parameter of Google database
if we comment that out and go back to our test file we can enter the D.B. mock database let's save now
and see what happens.
All right test is passing but we're not really testing anything right now.
We're just returning things and running this function but that's not where we want to test.
It's not very meaningful that we run this function.
We want to assert that this does what we expected to do and again just like we had the it keyword just
gives us a nice slow function for us to use to go to using matches.
We see that in their documentation they have the expect and to be and they have a few other things that
you can use to be on to be defined to be false see truth.
And they have a ton.
For now let's comment this out and say that we expect hello to be hello hello to echo Hello.
All right.
Let's save that.
Everything is passing but if I change this to know and save Oh I get a failed test it says it expected
the no value but received hello and it's got pretty nice output it shows you which line failed and what
the test failed it.
Using that logic let's change now the Google search to have expect and you know what.
Let's keep this test because I like this test and we'll do Hello at hello and calls this it is a silly
test and create another test.
Again we can just have as many as we want.
And this on will say it is searching Google and in here we'll have the function
lets out of space America's that looks nicer and we'll say that we expect Google search and we can just
copy this
we expect Google search and we're running that function with test test D.B. mock and here we can use
instead of to be we can also do to equal and within the two equal.
Now let me just create a new line just so you can see it.
It's going to say we expected to equal an empty array because there's no test test here.
Let's say
Oh and I forgot a little bracket here.
We want the expect to have the result of this.
So we need an extra bracket over here.
So make sure you get that right.
Save Oh and we don't need that now.
Perfect.
Again maybe not having it on two lines is better.
So we can see.
So we have the expected function that runs this and two equal to tasks that this equals empty array
we can now add another line and let's say that now we want to expect Google to test dog and if dog exists
we wanted to include these two Web sites so we can add dog dot com to this array and also dog pictures
dot com to this Ray
and let's save.
All right.
This is running and passing.
We still have two tests because while the it there's only two of them.
But if I change this to let's say that just D.G. I'll get in there because we got something different
than what we expected we expected a different array.
There you go.
We have our very first test I'll see in the next video by.